I'm shooting a documentary I want that
you had cameras yes we filmed
I was going to refuel absolutely
I was going to put gas in my
car because you're doing that would tell you to
make a bet wahba ones r the winner gets
have your tank full of gas
it's the loser who pays well yes
the challenge is that it's fair and
once it's me who loses I give you
twice the price of your plate
it would be cool I think I found
taker
but to make a good bet I need
a totally improbable proposition
shot and I bet that without looking at the
cane pump I can stop on the
precise amount that you give me everything
what I ask you that exceeds our
high schools a walk of one or sendai
I'm going to stop
good luck in the ex it seems so much
impossible and one would have to be crazy for
do not bet deny now have to me
give a specific amount
let's go for 35.18 35 dollars 18.7 and
enjoyment 25 dollars 18 cents and to him
just ask her to leave us
watch the first of ardeche he
will not agree you think all
pumps do not go the same speed
he holds at the wharf 30 100 dollars 18 cents
Let's go
super good evening ok
clermont must be in the ten
I'm going to slow down a bit 35 18
I clearly think that I have no
luck
ok to standards for then I'm not
far I do not want to pay my full
talented and I'm not far
slow motion ok go I'm going to slow down
we are very close
finally 35 18 I'm almost stopping there
you come from ghania full 35 years I
do not come back to Paris it's a bet
it's a bet you have to honor it joker 40
for poachers it was a
pleasure
good if we pull the bike on the head
no no I'm laughing
thank you he is talented while he was doing
of gasoline it gave the impression of
know what's going on and it's strong
how he did according to you I
could not tell you
in fact I had an accomplice hello
okay so I have a service to you
so ask a little weird the tale
tracks of the station fm that's 10 dollar
he agreed to help me and gave me his
number
he listened to all my conversation with
nests because I called them
can leave the laptop open in
my pocket salutes his job was to
listen to the amount given to dare him for
35,18 35 dollars he then unlocked my
pump for this precise amount can
plus a few cents for me to exceed
a little bit I'm almost there when the pump has
reaches the fixed amount
she stopped herself from the two
wheels had just won a dish the rest
it's show